notes on story
=====

1. Story, overarching themes
2. Playable characters
3. Intermission overview

Overarching themes: lemons & limes

The Secret: LEMONS AND LIMES are PEOPLE. (Or rather, their hopes, fears and dreams.)

The entirety of purgatory exists purely as an artifact of the crazy fever dreams induced
 by the ingestion of lemons and especially limes.
You learn this as the game goes on, and eventually are given the choice between killing
 off purgatory & the entirety of ghost society (characters surrounding area beg you not to)
 and continuing the lime and lemon industry, which dooms everyone in the real world who consumes
 these unholy fruits to spending their afterlives pointlessly wandering purgatory as is the whim
 of the Lemon God.
On the other hand, no purgatory => no afterlife for real people. Isn't a chance at eternity &
 redemption worth keeping, and indeed what some people live for?

Why you are in a mansion scaring people:

More lemons for the Lemon God. His followers flood Maxwell's mansion as a last-ditch method to come
 up with better methods for creating fear in real people and thus produce more and higher-quality limes,
 because the production method is breaking down and the so is the entirety of purgatory. All our
 ghost lives are at stake. The followers have taken a risk bringing humans over from the real world,
 but they think at this point it's worth it.


2. Playable characters

JOHNATHAN GHOST - 'I've had a really shit day.'
Just a ghost going about his daily business, when he suddenly receives ghost post telling him he's
 the winner of a competition he never entered. It seems to promise to be highly lucrative.
He goes along to the listed return address to try and fix the apparent error, hoping that they'll let
 him in anyway and possibly reward him for his honesty. Things start to go wrong and he soon finds
 himself locked inside the mansion.

LORD MAXWELL - 'I'm too old for this shit.'
Rich ghost baron fallen on hard times.
Once boss of a lemon and line distribution company - shipping the unholy fruit to the real world, where
 it's strangely popular - his suppliers mysteriously stop selling to him one at a time and now he
 verges on bankruptcy. It is his mission to discover the root cause of the disaster, and possibly reclaim
 his fortune.
One day, as he continues to wallow in self-pity, he discovers that his mansion is under invasion by people
 from the real world. He decides to clear out the mansion.

THE GHOST OF MONTE CRISTO - "Death is the only serious preoccupation in life."
Denounced by his erstwhile friends, The Ghost of Monte Cristo was imprisoned in the ghost realm. After 21
 years of despair he escaped his gaol; now he roams the mansion, seeking revenge on his betrayers. He will
 escape from death to life. He will find his foes. And he will kill them all.
The Ghost's cellmate told him about a treasure hidden in the manor. However, he said nothing about *where*
 the treasure is. When not occupied with vengeance, revenge and retribution, the Ghost enjoys hunting for
 this treasure.
 "On what slender threads do life and fortune hang."


GHOST MATHEMASCIENTITIAN

ALBINO MAN IN WRONG PLACE

3. Intermission overview

Ghost Post: "You have no post, ghost."
Ghost dog/cat/limes
Ghost documents/diary
Ghost tips for ghosts
The ghost of Christmas Past/Christmas Present/Christmas Limes


