being alone:
beer: Makes everything better, apart from longevity, memory, sobriety, physical coordination and brain cell count.
carrot: Helps creatures see in the dark, just like your mum told me. When we were fucking. That one time.
carrot: Helps creatures see in the dark. Of course, it also helps them *see* the dark.
cats:
cheese:
cupcake: Sunshine and lollipops and- cupcakes. All very fattening. Though it's nice to know that I'm not the only one getting a chub on.
darkness:
death: Death? What's scary about death?! I'm dead, and I'm having a whale of time!
double-barrelled: Terrifying. Probably owns a mansion and big scary dogs.
dogs: Woof woof. Bark bark. Arrrroooooo?
dogs: Comprehensive wetware solution for converting food and attention into barks and urine.
dogs: This one time I was out back and there was this strange scuffling sound. I creeped towards the noise, only to see some sort of brown smelly thing panting and digging into the ground, presumably for buried treasure. Scientists have theorized the dog year to man year mismatch is the prime cause of such behaviour, as these creatures are still stuck in the Gold Rush period and have not yet realized that the only things that are yellow you can find underground anymore are yellow crayons, green crayons that have rusted, and the remains of the Great Asbestos Burying of 1959. I went back inside and had a wank for a while. It was nice, but nothing special.
enclosed spaces:
fear itself:
guns: I am a big man, yes I am, and I've got a big gun.
hair:
hair loss:
jelly:
kittens: Adorable! Sooo cute~! How could anyone hate kittens?! If they do, I think you should push them in a vat of acid. Burn their skin off. Kill them, is what I'm trying to say to you.
knees: At least an order of magnitude more terrifying now that it is no longer attached to a body.
lactose:
light: A real-worlder who's afraid of the light? Can it be true? Clearly half-way to ghostliness already.
other people: Hell is other people. And nobody likes Hell.
rabbits:
religion: Rabbis, not to be confused with rabbits, are not conventionally considered to be very scary. Now clowns, they're way up there. Their big red noses and incessant, unending honking are pretty much guaranteed to cause a mental breakdown one way or another.
snakes: The slitheriest of the serpents. I wouldn't get near one if I were you.
snakes: Oh, to feel them tickling around your feet, wrapping around your legs, scales pressing against skin and still further upwards... give me a moment.
spiders: There was an old woman who swallowed a spider, that wriggled and jiggled and tickled inside her, she swallowed the spider to catch the fly, I don't know why she swallowed the fly...
sprite: A can of Sprite. One of the more intrinsically scary drinks - look at the name, for god's sake!
the mundane: BOOOOOOOOOORRRRIIIIIIIIIING!
the supernatural:
toasters:
water: Wet. Overwhelmingly wet. Exceedingly so.
water: H2O. Two hydrogens and an oxygen atom. Hydrogen has one free bond, whereas oxygen has two. For more information, consult anyone who gives a shit.
water: Wet 'n' wild. A certain reddit board exists for examining the effects of one of the former characteristics upon young nubile humans, generally female and without faces, or clothes.
